Default Namespace labels (#26995)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints.md

The Kubelet populates this with `runtime.GOOS` as defined by Go. This can be handy if you are mixing operating systems in your cluster (for example: mixing Linux and Windows nodes).

## kubernetes.io/metadata.name

Example: `kubernetes.io/metadata.name=mynamespace`

Used on: Namespaces

> Kubernetes APIServer defaults this label to the namespace name. This label can be used with any namespace selector, as an example with Network Policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes APIServer defaults this label to the namespace name. This label can be used with any namespace selector, as an example with NetworkPolicy objects.
```

> Kubernetes APIServer defaults this label to the namespace name. This label can be used with any namespace selector, as an example with Network Policies.

Reviewer 2: Is this also correct:
> The Kubernetes API server defaults the value of this label to the namespace name _during admission_
